---
layout: post
title:  The Journey to the Midwest - from Berkeley to Chicago
date: 2024-09-01 22:00:00
description: 
tags: trips
categories: travelling
thumbnail: assets/img/2024roadtrip/route.jpg
---

### Embarking on a Long-Awaited Journey
Opportunities for a long-distance drive across the U.S. don't come around often. So when the chance arose after graduation, I seized it. Instead of flying, I opted to drive and explore the diverse landscapes—from the rolling hills of California to the vast plains of the Midwest. Six days, seven states, 2000+ miles, and countless views—here we go!

<div class="row mt-3 justify-content-center">
    <div class="col-sm-6 mt-3 mt-md-0 d-flex justify-content-center">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/route.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true style="width: 50%;" %}
    </div>
</div>

### Day 1: Getting to Elko through forest and mountains
The first day took me uphill, all the way to Elko, Nevada. I expected a grueling day of driving, but the journey surprised me. As I wound through dense forests and majestic mountain ranges, the views were nothing short of spectacular. The towering trees and rugged peaks turned what could have been a tiring drive into a relaxing and awe-inspiring experience.

### Day 2: Exploring Utah’s Wonders
Day 2 was all about sightseeing in Utah. As I made my way to Salt Lake City, I took a detour to the Bonneville Salt Flats, a surreal stretch of land so flat and expansive that it seems to blend into the horizon. This is where people chase speed records, racing across the smooth, salt-crusted ground. It was incredible to stand on the same ground where these high-speed runs take place, feeling the vastness of the landscape stretch out in every direction.
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/UT_SaltFlat_1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/UT_SaltFlat_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/UT_SaltFlat_3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Later, I headed to Antelope Island State Park to take in the views of the Great Salt Lake and do some hiking. Despite the name, I didn’t spot any antelopes, but the island’s famous bison were everywhere. Their presence was a reminder of the wild and untamed spirit of this place. But what truly stole the show was the breathtaking view of the Great Salt Lake, stretching out like a shimmering mirror beneath the wide open sky. 
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-3">    
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_5.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_TheLake_6.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>


In the evening, I caught up with an old friend from undergrad at a cozy Mexican restaurant in downtown Salt Lake City. Over plates of delicious food and lively conversation, it felt like no time had passed since the old times. Afterward, I wandered through the vibrant downtown, taking in the city’s unique mix of historic architecture and modern energy.
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

During the random walk in the downtown, I made a quick stop by the convention center where the 2024 DFD (Division of Fluid Dynamics) conference will be held. I got there way too early, but it was fun to check out the venue in advance. 😛
<div class="row mt-3 justify-content-center">
    <div class="col-sm-6 mt-3 mt-md-0 d-flex justify-content-center">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/SLC_DFD.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true style="width: 50%;" %}
    </div>
</div>

### Day 3: From Peaks to Plains

The third day of the trip ended in Cheyenne, Wyoming. The mountain views along the way were still stunning, with rolling peaks and wide-open skies making the drive a visual treat. Right before I was about to leave the highway, a sign caught my eye: the NCAR Supercomputing Center was just ahead. I hadn’t realized it was in Cheyenne, so I made a quick detour to snap a photo. Why not taking a picture before using their machines :)
<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/WY_NCAR.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

Downtown Cheyenne may not be large, but it has a peaceful charm all its own. The quiet streets, historic buildings, and small-town feel made for a beautiful evening stroll. 
<div class="row mt-2">
    <div class="col-sm mt-2 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/Cheynne_1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-2 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/Cheynne_2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="row mt-2">
    <div class="col-sm mt-2 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/Cheynne_3.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-2 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/Cheynne_4.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

### Day 4: Crossing the Plains to Omaha, NE
By day 4, the roads began to level out as the mountains gradually gave way to the Great Plains. The drive was easier, and I made good time, stopping in Omaha, Nebraska, for dinner at a fantastic steakhouse. The meal was a perfect reward after a long day on the road—the steak was cooked to perfection, and every bite was a reminder of why the Nebraska is known for its beef. 
<div class="row mt-2">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/NE_steak.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/2024roadtrip/NE_icecream.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

### Day 5 and 6: A Drive Through the Midwest

Day 5 felt like driving across a vast, flat expanse, a stark contrast to the mountainous terrain of earlier days. I passed through Iowa, where the endless fields seemed to stretch out forever, before finally crossing into Illinois.

Day 6 marked the end of this incredible journey—move-in day. After days of driving through forests, mountains, salt flats, and plains, I finally arrived in the Midwest, where my next journey begins. The road trip was a whirlwind of landscapes, cities, and experiences, each one adding a unique chapter to the adventure. What a journey!


